if there is a dispute between men and
if there is a dispute between men and they come to court that the judges may
they come to court that the judges may
they come to court that the judges may judge them and they justify the
judge them and they justify the
judge them and they justify the righteous and condemned the wicked then
righteous and condemned the wicked then
righteous and condemned the wicked then it shall be if the wicked man deserves
it shall be if the wicked man deserves
it shall be if the wicked man deserves to be beaten that the judge will cause
to be beaten that the judge will cause
to be beaten that the judge will cause him to lie down and be beaten in his
him to lie down and be beaten in his
him to lie down and be beaten in his presence according to his guilt with a
presence according to his guilt with a
presence according to his guilt with a certain number of blows forty blows he
certain number of blows forty blows he
certain number of blows forty blows he may give him and no more lest he should
may give him and no more lest he should
may give him and no more lest he should exceed this and beat him with many blows
exceed this and beat him with many blows
exceed this and beat him with many blows above these and your brother be
above these and your brother be
above these and your brother be humiliated in your sight you shall not
humiliated in your sight you shall not
humiliated in your sight you shall not muzzle an ox while it treads out the
muzzle an ox while it treads out the
muzzle an ox while it treads out the grain if brothers dwell together and one
grain if brothers dwell together and one
grain if brothers dwell together and one of them dies and has no son the widow of
of them dies and has no son the widow of
of them dies and has no son the widow of the dead man shall not be married to a
the dead man shall not be married to a
the dead man shall not be married to a stranger outside the family her
stranger outside the family her
stranger outside the family her husband's brother shall go into her take
husband's brother shall go into her take
husband's brother shall go into her take her as his wife and perform the duty of
her as his wife and perform the duty of
her as his wife and perform the duty of a husband's brother to her
a husband's brother to her
a husband's brother to her and it shall be that the firstborn son
and it shall be that the firstborn son
and it shall be that the firstborn son which she bears will succeed to the name
which she bears will succeed to the name
which she bears will succeed to the name of his dead brother that his name may
of his dead brother that his name may
of his dead brother that his name may not be blotted out of Israel but if the
not be blotted out of Israel but if the
not be blotted out of Israel but if the man does not want to take his brother's
man does not want to take his brother's
man does not want to take his brother's wife then let his brother's wife go up
wife then let his brother's wife go up
wife then let his brother's wife go up to the gate to the elders and say my
to the gate to the elders and say my
to the gate to the elders and say my husband's brother refuses to raise up a
husband's brother refuses to raise up a
husband's brother refuses to raise up a name to his brother in Israel he will
name to his brother in Israel he will
name to his brother in Israel he will not perform the duty of my husband's
not perform the duty of my husband's
not perform the duty of my husband's brother then the elders of his City
brother then the elders of his City
brother then the elders of his City shall call him and speak to him but if
shall call him and speak to him but if
shall call him and speak to him but if he stands firm and says I do not want to
he stands firm and says I do not want to
he stands firm and says I do not want to take her then his brother's wife shall
take her then his brother's wife shall
take her then his brother's wife shall come to him in the presence of the
come to him in the presence of the
come to him in the presence of the elders remove his sandal from his foot
elders remove his sandal from his foot
elders remove his sandal from his foot spit in his face and answer and say so
spit in his face and answer and say so
spit in his face and answer and say so shall it be done to the man who will not
shall it be done to the man who will not
shall it be done to the man who will not build up his brother's house and his
build up his brother's house and his
build up his brother's house and his name shall be called in Israel the house
name shall be called in Israel the house
name shall be called in Israel the house of him who had his sandal roof
of him who had his sandal roof
of him who had his sandal roof if two men fight together and the wife
if two men fight together and the wife
if two men fight together and the wife of one draws near to rescue her husband
of one draws near to rescue her husband
of one draws near to rescue her husband from the hand of the one attacking him
from the hand of the one attacking him
from the hand of the one attacking him and puts out her hand and seizes him by
and puts out her hand and seizes him by
and puts out her hand and seizes him by the genitals
the genitals
the genitals then you shall cut off her hand your I
then you shall cut off her hand your I
then you shall cut off her hand your I shall not pity her you shall not have in
shall not pity her you shall not have in
shall not pity her you shall not have in your bag differing weights the heavy in
your bag differing weights the heavy in
your bag differing weights the heavy in the light you shall not have in your
the light you shall not have in your
the light you shall not have in your house differing measures a large and a
house differing measures a large and a
house differing measures a large and a small
small
small you shall have a perfect and just weight
you shall have a perfect and just weight
you shall have a perfect and just weight a perfect and just measure that your
a perfect and just measure that your
a perfect and just measure that your days may be lengthened in the land which
days may be lengthened in the land which
days may be lengthened in the land which the Lord your God is eating you
the Lord your God is eating you
the Lord your God is eating you for all who do such things all who
for all who do such things all who
for all who do such things all who behaves unrighteous ly are an
behaves unrighteous ly are an
behaves unrighteous ly are an abomination to the Lord your God
remember what am elected to you on the
remember what am elected to you on the way as you were coming out of Egypt how
way as you were coming out of Egypt how
way as you were coming out of Egypt how he met you on the way and attacked your
he met you on the way and attacked your
he met you on the way and attacked your rear ranks all the stragglers at your
rear ranks all the stragglers at your
rear ranks all the stragglers at your rear when you were tired and weary and
rear when you were tired and weary and
rear when you were tired and weary and he did not fear God therefore it shall
he did not fear God therefore it shall
he did not fear God therefore it shall be when the Lord your God has given you
be when the Lord your God has given you
be when the Lord your God has given you rests from your enemies all around in
rests from your enemies all around in
rests from your enemies all around in the land which the Lord your God is
the land which the Lord your God is
the land which the Lord your God is giving you to possess as an inheritance
giving you to possess as an inheritance
giving you to possess as an inheritance that you will blot out the remembrance
that you will blot out the remembrance
that you will blot out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven you shall
of Amalek from under heaven you shall
of Amalek from under heaven you shall not forget